feat: direct imports (#166)
ColibrITD-SAS/mpqp: docs/noise.rst

For more details on how to use noise models taken from real hardware, you can
look at :ref:`SimulatedDevices`.

> Note: you can import all noises from the root ``mpqp`` module, but we also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: you can import all noise models from the root ``mpqp`` module, but we also
```
